docs(agentApp): Examples on how to add a history view for your human agent (#29)
watson-developer-cloud/assistant-web-chat-service-desk-starter: docs/API.md

### startChat

```ts
async startChat(connectMessage: MessageResponse, startChatOptions: StartChatOptions): Promise<void>
```

> Opens the chat with the service desk and performs any necessary setup steps. Most service desks have a way to embed a custom iFrame into the agent view, as well as a way to pass metadata into that iFrame. startChatOptions.agentAppInfo contains metadata for you to be able to render the conversation history with Watson Assistant to your agents in a custom iFrame and this data should be passed via whatever methods the service desk you are using uses. See [./AGENT_APP.md](./AGENT_APP.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens the chat with the service desk and performs any necessary setup steps. Most service desks have a way to embed a custom iFrame into the agent view, as well as a way to pass metadata into that iFrame. `startChatOptions.agentAppInfo` contains metadata for you to be able to render the conversation history with Watson Assistant to your agents in a custom iFrame, and this data should be passed using whatever methods are appropriate for the service desk you are using. See [./AGENT_APP.md](./AGENT_APP.md).
```
